For the projects in this course, I was trying to help the academic advisors in the Computer Science department at ABCU by creating a code to help them to be able to print a list of all the Computer Science courses in alphanumeric order and to print its titles and prerequisites with it as well. I was also writing a code for the application so that the department advisors could use this to help them when they are talking with the students. When it came to writing this code, I read all the instructions carefully to make sure that I was doing exactly what was asked of me to do. The fundamental concepts of computer science are algorithms and data structures. While data structures store and organize information, algorithms process it in meaningful ways. Learning about these concepts will help you become an excellent programmer. When it came to my projects, I did not run into many roadblocks, but when I did, I did not make a big deal out of it to where I would get upset and want to give up. I am not the type of person to give up on anything that I am trying to do. What I would do is, I would go back over my code and see what I could have missed or done wrong. I would do this carefully so that I would not have to go over it many of times. While working on these projects, I was able to learn so much more when it comes to designing software and developing programs. There are many rewards and challenges when it comes to designing a new program. It can be hard to know if the design is the right one, but it is also exciting to see it come to fruition. The more projects that I do the more that I learn. I can grow as a programmer while writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable. By reading the code, one can understand the flow of logic and the various steps involved in creating a program. They can also comprehend the code's outputs, algorithms, and inputs at a deeper level. Some developers can make significant changes to the original code, such as refactoring or bug fixes. Others can create new modules or classes that take advantage of the original.
